Add language configuration file to fix word wrapping and improve UX (#330)
OCamlPro/superbol-studio-oss: CHANGELOG.md

## [0.1.4] Next release

> ### Added
> - Vscode `language-configuration.json` for cobol to include hyphen in word wrapping [#330](https://github.com/OCamlPro/superbol-studio-oss/pull/330)
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Added
- COBOL language configuration for highlighting matching brackets and auto-insertion of line numbers in fixed- format code [#330](https://github.com/OCamlPro/superbol-studio-oss/pull/330)

### Fixed
- Word wrapping in presence of hyphens [#330](https://github.com/OCamlPro/superbol-studio-oss/pull/330)

```
